com/example/foodapp/Interface/ItemClickListner.java
 com.example.foodapp.Interface.ItemClickListner
com/example/foodapp/profilemodel.java
 com.example.foodapp.profilemodel
com/example/foodapp/model.java
 com.example.foodapp.model
com/example/foodapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.foodapp.BuildConfig
com/example/foodapp/Model/Products.java
 com.example.foodapp.Model.Products
com/example/foodapp/Prevalent/Prevalent.java
 com.example.foodapp.Prevalent.Prevalent
com/example/foodapp/Model/Users.java
 com.example.foodapp.Model.Users
com/example/foodapp/Model/AdminOrders.java
 com.example.foodapp.Model.AdminOrders
com/example/foodapp/Model/Cart.java
 com.example.foodapp.Model.Cart
com/example/foodapp/AdminLogin.java
 com.example.foodapp.AdminLogin
 com.example.foodapp.AdminLogin$1
 com.example.foodapp.AdminLogin$2
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ProductItemsLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ProductItemsLayoutBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityCartBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityCartBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/AdminMainBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.AdminMainBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityAdddataBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityAdddataBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ProfileMainBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ProfileMainBinding
com/example/foodapp/AdminRegister.java
 com.example.foodapp.AdminRegister
 com.example.foodapp.AdminRegister$1
 com.example.foodapp.AdminRegister$2
 com.example.foodapp.AdminRegister$2$1
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityAdminNewOrdersBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityAdminNewOrdersBinding
com/example/foodapp/AdminUserProductsActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.AdminUserProductsActivity
 com.example.foodapp.AdminUserProductsActivity$1
com/example/foodapp/databinding/AdminLoginBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.AdminLoginBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/foodapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.LoginActivity
 com.example.foodapp.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.LoginActivity$2
com/example/foodapp/databinding/AppBarHomeBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.AppBarHomeBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ProfilesinglerowBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ProfilesinglerowBinding
com/example/foodapp/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.HomeActivity
 com.example.foodapp.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.HomeActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.HomeActivity$2$1
com/example/foodapp/adddata.java
 com.example.foodapp.adddata
 com.example.foodapp.adddata$1
 com.example.foodapp.adddata$2
 com.example.foodapp.adddata$3
 com.example.foodapp.adddata$4
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityMain1Binding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityMain1Binding
com/example/foodapp/OrdersActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.OrdersActivity
 com.example.foodapp.OrdersActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.OrdersActivity$1$1
 com.example.foodapp.OrdersActivity$1$2
 com.example.foodapp.OrdersActivity$1$2$1
 com.example.foodapp.OrdersActivity$OrdersViewHol
 com.example.foodapp.OrdersActivity$OrdersViewHolder
com/example/foodapp/databinding/OrdersLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.OrdersLayoutBinding
com/example/foodapp/ViewHolder/OrdersViewHolder.java
 com.example.foodapp.ViewHolder.OrdersViewHolder
com/example/foodapp/ProductDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.ProductDetailsActivity
 com.example.foodapp.ProductDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.ProductDetailsActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.ProductDetailsActivity$2$1
 com.example.foodapp.ProductDetailsActivity$3
com/example/foodapp/myadapter.java
 com.example.foodapp.myadapter
 com.example.foodapp.myadapter$1
 com.example.foodapp.myadapter$1$1
 com.example.foodapp.myadapter$1$1$1
 com.example.foodapp.myadapter$1$1$2
 com.example.foodapp.myadapter$2
 com.example.foodapp.myadapter$2$1
 com.example.foodapp.myadapter$2$2
 com.example.foodapp.myadapter$myviewholder
com/example/foodapp/databinding/DialogcontentBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.DialogcontentBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/AdminRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.AdminRegisterBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityConfirmFinalOrderBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityConfirmFinalOrderBinding
com/example/foodapp/ViewHolder/ProductViewHolder.java
 com.example.foodapp.ViewHolder.ProductViewHolder
com/example/foodapp/databinding/DetailBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.DetailBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ProfileAdddataBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ProfileAdddataBinding
com/example/foodapp/AdminMain.java
 com.example.foodapp.AdminMain
 com.example.foodapp.AdminMain$1
 com.example.foodapp.AdminMain$2
com/example/foodapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity$3
com/example/foodapp/profilemain.java
 com.example.foodapp.profilemain
 com.example.foodapp.profilemain$1
 com.example.foodapp.profilemain$2
com/example/foodapp/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.RegisterActivity
 com.example.foodapp.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.RegisterActivity$2$1
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ProfiledialogcontentBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ProfiledialogcontentBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityAdminUserProductsBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityAdminUserProductsBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/CartItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.CartItemLayoutBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/foodapp/ViewHolder/CartViewHolder.java
 com.example.foodapp.ViewHolder.CartViewHolder
com/example/foodapp/profileadapter.java
 com.example.foodapp.profileadapter
 com.example.foodapp.profileadapter$1
 com.example.foodapp.profileadapter$1$1
 com.example.foodapp.profileadapter$1$1$1
 com.example.foodapp.profileadapter$1$1$2
 com.example.foodapp.profileadapter$2
 com.example.foodapp.profileadapter$2$1
 com.example.foodapp.profileadapter$2$2
 com.example.foodapp.profileadapter$myviewholder
com/example/foodapp/profileadd.java
 com.example.foodapp.profileadd
 com.example.foodapp.profileadd$1
 com.example.foodapp.profileadd$2
 com.example.foodapp.profileadd$3
 com.example.foodapp.profileadd$4
com/example/foodapp/databinding/SinglerowBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.SinglerowBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityProductDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityProductDetailsBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ContentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ContentHomeBinding
com/example/foodapp/PaymentActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.PaymentActivity
 com.example.foodapp.PaymentActivity$1
com/example/foodapp/databinding/NavHeaderHomeBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.NavHeaderHomeBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/foodapp/databinding/ActivityPaymentBinding.java
 com.example.foodapp.databinding.ActivityPaymentBinding
com/example/foodapp/CartActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity$2$1
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.foodapp.CartActivity$2$1$1$1
com/example/foodapp/MainActivity1.java
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity1
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity1$1
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity1$2
com/example/foodapp/Model/Details.java
 com.example.foodapp.Model.Details
com/example/foodapp/DetailsActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.DetailsActivity
 com.example.foodapp.DetailsActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.DetailsActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.DetailsActivity$3
com/example/foodapp/ConfirmFinalOrderActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity
 com.example.foodapp.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$3
 com.example.foodapp.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$3$1
